## Bloggr PWA

This project is a template for creating a Progressive Web App (PWA) using React+Vite and workbox. 

### Project Structure
The project includes the following key files:
- sw.js: This is the service worker file generated by Workbox during the build process. It's responsible for handling caching and network strategies, making it possible for your app to work offline and load quickly.
- custom-sw.js: This is a custom service worker file where you can define advanced caching strategies, background sync, push notifications, and other service worker features. The Workbox build process will inject a list of assets to precache into this file.
-workbox-config.js: This configuration file is used by Workbox to define how the service worker should be generated. It specifies which files to precache, the output directory, and any other Workbox-specific settings.

### Building and Running
To build and run this project, follow these steps:

#### Install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

#### Build the project:

```bash
npm run build
```

This command compiles the application into static files in the dist/ directory.

Inject the precache manifest:

```bash
 npx workbox injectManifest workbox-config.js
```

Workbox will inject a list of assets to be precached into the sw.js service worker file based on the configuration provided in workbox-config.js.

Serve the application:

```bash
 npx serve -s dist
```

This command serves your static files from the dist/ directory.


### Goals of the Project
The primary goal of this project is to create a user-friendly, fast, and reliable PWA using modern web technologies. 

### Upcoming Features

1. **Authentication**: Implement user authentication to manage user sessions and secure access to the application. This will involve integrating a login/signup mechanism and handling session tokens for maintaining user states.

2. **Session Handling**: Enhance the application by managing user sessions effectively. This includes creating, maintaining, and expiring sessions to ensure secure and efficient user experiences.

3. **Push Notifications**: Integrate push notifications to keep users engaged and informed about important updates or changes. This will require setting up a service worker to handle background notifications and obtaining user permissions for sending notifications.

4. **Feature Guarding**: Implement feature guarding to control access to certain parts of the application based on user roles or permissions. This will help in showing or hiding pages and features according to the user's authentication status or subscription level.
